feat: support embroider builds (#766)
adfinis/ember-validated-form: tests/dummy/app/templates/docs/migration-v6.md

# Migration to v6

`ember-validated-form` is heavily based on dynamic component invokation which
needed alot of changes in order to make it work with embroider. For the
consumers of the addon, the only thing that changes is the static configuration.

Since we switched from runtime configuration to build time configuration, the

> current configuration of `ember-validated-form` needs to move from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
current configuration of `ember-validated-form` needs to be moved from
```

Author: done

`config/environment.js` to the `ember-cli-build.js` file:

**Before:**

```js
// config/environment.js
var ENV = {
  // ...
  "ember-validated-form": {
    theme: "bootstrap",
    features: {
      scrollErrorIntoView: true,
    },
    defaults: {
      error: "some-component",
      // ...
    },
  },
  // ...
};
```

**After:**

```js
// ember-cli-build.js
const app = new EmberAddon(defaults, {
  // ...
  "ember-validated-form": {
    theme: "bootstrap",
    features: {
      scrollErrorIntoView: true,
    },
    defaults: {
      error: "myapp/components/some-component",
      // ...
    },
  },
  // ...
});
```

> As seen above, the values in the section `defaults` changed as well. Previously
> the value was only the name of the component used as default, since v6 this
> needs to be an importable path so embroider is able to analyze it statically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you can see above, the values in the section `defaults` changed as well. Previously
the value was just the name of the component used as default, since v6 this
needs to be an importable path (which allows static analysis).
```

Author: done
